added option to remove implicit wrappers in lasersensor, controlboard, depthcamera and multicamera (#565)
robotology/gazebo-yarp-plugins: plugins/robotinterface/README.md

The plugins that spawn YARP devices in a way that they can be then attached to the yarprobotinterface as specified in the following table.
For all the following plugins, the **YARP device instance name** can be specified by the `yarpDeviceName` parameter in the plugin configuration.

If the `GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS` option is set to `OFF` (default value), for the `gazebo_yarp_controlboard` if the `yarpDeviceName` parameter is not specified, for legacy reason the **YARP device instance name** for each created device can also be specified with the `networks` parameter list in the plugin configuration of `yarpDeviceName`. If instead the `GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS` option is set to `ON`, the `gazebo_yarp_controlboard` behaves like the rest of the plugins and requires to take the **YARP device instance name** from the `yarpDeviceName` parameter. The same behaviour applies to `gazebo_yarp_depthCamera`.

> Instead if the `GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS` option is set to `ON` then the plugins `gazebo_yarp_multicamera`, `gazebo_yarp_lasersensor`, `gazebo_yarp_controlboard` and `gazebo_yarp_depthCamera` doesn't create the implicit wrapper device but is left to the user to attach it via the robotinterface.

Reviewer: Why this sentence starts with `Instead`? Perhaps Furthermore would be a better alternative?
```suggestion
Furthermore if the `GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS` option is set to `ON` then the plugins `gazebo_yarp_multicamera`, `gazebo_yarp_lasersensor`, `gazebo_yarp_controlboard` and `gazebo_yarp_depthCamera` doesn't create the implicit wrapper device but is left to the user to attach it via the robotinterface.
```

Author: yes, it was a refuse :)

For all the following plugins, the **YARP device instance name** can be specified by the `yarpDeviceName` parameter in the plugin configuration.

> For the `gazebo_yarp_controlboard`, if the `yarpDeviceName` parameter is not specified, for legacy reason the **YARP device instance name** for each created device can also be specified with the `networks` parameter list in the plugin configuration.
> 
> A cmake option (`GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS`) has been added, if this option is enabled then implicit wrappers present in`gazebo_yarp_multicamera`, `gazebo_yarp_lasersensor`, `gazebo_yarp_controlboard` and `gazebo_yarp_depthCamera` are removed, the new way to have them is to attach the new nws to gazebo devices via yarprobotinterface as above.

Reviewer: It is a bit strange to have a sentence that uses the present perfect in a document that uses the present, don't you find? Did you tried to check if this sentence is coherent with the rest of the document? I think it may be more clear to remove all together the new sentence, and just add a sentence to the previous period, something like:
```suggestion
If the `GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS` option is set to `OFF` (default value), for the `gazebo_yarp_controlboard`, if the `yarpDeviceName` parameter is not specified, for legacy reason the **YARP device instance name** for each created device can also be specified with the `networks` parameter list in the plugin configuration. If instead the `GAZEBO_YARP_PLUGINS_DISABLE_IMPLICIT_NETWORK_WRAPPERS` option is set to `ON`, the `gazebo_yarp_controlboard` behaves like the rest of the plugins and requires to take the **YARP device instance name** from the `yarpDeviceName` parameter.
```
